Documentation for FormFieldRequestItem (#318)
nmshd/documentation: _docs_integrate/data-model-overview.md

| requireManualDecision | `boolean` \| `undefined`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | To block the automated acceptance of Requests, the requireManualDecision property can be set to true. The default is, that each RequestItem may be automatically processed on the peer side. If the sender would like to have an enforced manual acceptance step, the requireManualDecision property can be set to true.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

##### BooleanFormFieldSettings

> If BooleanFormFieldSettings are used as `settings` of a [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem), this results in a boolean form field which expects a boolean when it is filled out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If BooleanFormFieldSettings are used as `settings` of a [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem), this will result in a boolean form field which expects a boolean when it is filled out.
```
Same for all other settings.

| Name    | Type                         | Description |
| ------- | ---------------------------- | ----------- |
| `@type` | `"BooleanFormFieldSettings"` |             |

##### DateFormFieldSettings

> If DateFormFieldSettings are used as `settings` of a [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem), this will result in a date form field which expects a valid date string in ISO 8601 format, such as `"2000-01-01T00:00:00.000+00:00"`, `"1999-12-31T23:59:59.999Z"`, or `"2020-02-29"`, when it is filled out.

Reviewer 2: > please do not tell what kind of UI will be rendered

to explain why: we currently discuss how to do this form in the enmeshed style, if you now tell in the Data model overview what kind of UI is rendered we have to change this as soon as the app is updated.

> If DateFormFieldSettings are used as `settings` of a [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem), this will result in a date form field which expects a valid date string in ISO 8601 format, such as `"2000-01-01T00:00:00.000+00:00"`, `"1999-12-31T23:59:59.999Z"`, or `"2020-02-29"`, when it is filled out.

Author: I don't intend to write about rendering here. I'm just paraphrasing in a friendlier way what the AcceptFormFieldRequestItemParameter `response` expects for accepting the corresponding FormFieldRequestItem.

> If DateFormFieldSettings are used as `settings` of a [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem), this will result in a date form field which expects a valid date string in ISO 8601 format, such as `"2000-01-01T00:00:00.000+00:00"`, `"1999-12-31T23:59:59.999Z"`, or `"2020-02-29"`, when it is filled out.

Author: This is not meant here as a rendered date form field, but abstractly. Just as the FormFieldRequestItem has the word form field in its name or the DateFormFieldSettings contain the word date form field, and just as I constantly talk about form fields in the scenario.

> If DateFormFieldSettings are used as `settings` of a [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem), this will result in a date form field which expects a valid date string in ISO 8601 format, such as `"2000-01-01T00:00:00.000+00:00"`, `"1999-12-31T23:59:59.999Z"`, or `"2020-02-29"`, when it is filled out.

Reviewer 2: hm, ok. IMO this can be enhanced significantly, but if you really think it's ok then leave it as is.

> If DateFormFieldSettings are used as `settings` of a [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem), this will result in a date form field which expects a valid date string in ISO 8601 format, such as `"2000-01-01T00:00:00.000+00:00"`, `"1999-12-31T23:59:59.999Z"`, or `"2020-02-29"`, when it is filled out.

Author: I would appreciate a suggestion for improvement. I just wanted to clarify how I meant it, since you insisted that I had written about rendering.

> If DateFormFieldSettings are used as `settings` of a [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem), this will result in a date form field which expects a valid date string in ISO 8601 format, such as `"2000-01-01T00:00:00.000+00:00"`, `"1999-12-31T23:59:59.999Z"`, or `"2020-02-29"`, when it is filled out.

Reviewer 2: > insisted that I had written about rendering 

Please don't get me wrong. I only talk about how I read it and with the way you have written it as a **reader** I've done assumptions

1. That it is about rendering
2. What kind of rendering I can expect.

I'll think about how to change it.

> If DateFormFieldSettings are used as `settings` of a [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem), this will result in a date form field which expects a valid date string in ISO 8601 format, such as `"2000-01-01T00:00:00.000+00:00"`, `"1999-12-31T23:59:59.999Z"`, or `"2020-02-29"`, when it is filled out.

Author: Yes, I’m with you on that. Let's remove the ambiguity. 👍

> If DateFormFieldSettings are used as `settings` of a [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem), this will result in a date form field which expects a valid date string in ISO 8601 format, such as `"2000-01-01T00:00:00.000+00:00"`, `"1999-12-31T23:59:59.999Z"`, or `"2020-02-29"`, when it is filled out.

Reviewer 2: > Yes, I’m with you on that. Let's remove the ambiguity. 👍

So do you need a suggestion or will you change it yourself?

> If DateFormFieldSettings are used as `settings` of a [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem), this will result in a date form field which expects a valid date string in ISO 8601 format, such as `"2000-01-01T00:00:00.000+00:00"`, `"1999-12-31T23:59:59.999Z"`, or `"2020-02-29"`, when it is filled out.

Author: I'll change it 👍

> If DateFormFieldSettings are used as `settings` of a [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem), this will result in a date form field which expects a valid date string in ISO 8601 format, such as `"2000-01-01T00:00:00.000+00:00"`, `"1999-12-31T23:59:59.999Z"`, or `"2020-02-29"`, when it is filled out.

Reviewer 2: Great :)

> | `allowNewlines` | `true` \| `undefined`       | If this flag is set, the string form field is displayed in the App's UI as a text area form field instead of a one-line string form field. |

Author: Why? :)

> | `allowNewlines` | `true` \| `undefined`       | If this flag is set, the string form field is displayed in the App's UI as a text area form field instead of a one-line string form field. |

Reviewer 2: +1 the app only has a UI

##### IntegerFormFieldSettings

If IntegerFormFieldSettings are used as `settings` of a [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem), this results in an integer form field which expects an integer when it is filled out.

| Name    | Type                         | Description                                                          |
| ------- | ---------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `@type` | `"IntegerFormFieldSettings"` |                                                                      |
| `unit`  | `string` \| `undefined`      | Unit of the requested integer.                                       |
| `min`   | `number` \| `undefined`      | An integer that serves as the lower limit for the requested integer. |
| `max`   | `number` \| `undefined`      | An integer that serves as the upper limit for the requested integer. |

##### RatingFormFieldSettings

If RatingFormFieldSettings are used as `settings` of a [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem), this results in a rating form field which expects an integer between a lower limit and an upper limit when it is filled out.

> The lower limit for the requested rating is always one, whereas the upper limit can be an integer between five and ten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lower limit for the requested rating is always one, whereas the upper limit can be an integer from five to ten.
```
Makes it clearer that bounds are included. ;)

Author: I was afraid that it would sound like a clock :D

If multiple selection is not allowed, the selected option is expected as a string.
Otherwise, a string array of all selected options is expected, which may also contain only one option.

| Name                     | Type                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `@type`                  | `"SelectionFormFieldSettings"` |                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `options`                | `string[]`                     | Unique options of the selection form field. At least one option must be provided.                                                                                                            |

> | `allowMultipleSelection` | `true` \| `undefined`          | If this flag is set, it is possible to select multiple of the provided options when responding to the selection form field. Otherwise, exactly one of the options provided must be selected. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `allowMultipleSelection` | `true` \| `undefined`          | If this flag is set, it will be possible to select multiple of the provided options when responding to the selection form field. Otherwise, exactly one of the options provided must be selected. |
```

> | `allowMultipleSelection` | `true` \| `undefined`          | If this flag is set, it is possible to select multiple of the provided options when responding to the selection form field. Otherwise, exactly one of the options provided must be selected. |

Reviewer: > must be selected

This only holds true if mustBeAccepted is false, doesn't it?

Author: Can you explain what you mean by that?

This holds true if the FormFieldRequestItem with SelectionFormFieldSettings is accepted.

Reviewer: Yes, if it is accepted. But you can also reject is, if mustBeAccepted is false. ;) So I don't have to select one option, but can reject it instead.

Author: Yeah, I'll make that clearer. 👍

##### StringFormFieldSettings

If StringFormFieldSettings are used as `settings` of a [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem), this results in a string form field which expects a string when it is filled out.

| Name            | Type                        | Description                                                                                                                           |
| --------------- | --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `@type`         | `"StringFormFieldSettings"` |                                                                                                                                       |

> | `allowNewlines` | `true` \| `undefined`       | If this flag is set, the string form field is displayed in the App as a text area form field instead of a one-line string form field. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `allowNewlines` | `true` \| `undefined`       | If this flag is set, the string form field will be displayed in the App as a text area form field instead of a one-line string form field. |
```

| accept       | `"true"` | The only possible value here is the string "true".                                              |
| deletionDate | `string` | The timestamp of when the Attribute will be deleted. Only dates in the future are allowed here. |

#### AcceptFormFieldRequestItemParameters

The parameters to accept a FormFieldRequestItem.

> The response parameter must have a type that matches the `settings` of the [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem).
> For example, when using [BooleanFormFieldSettings](#booleanformfieldsettings), a response of type boolean must be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `response` parameter must have a type that matches the `settings` of the [FormFieldRequestItem](#formfieldrequestitem).
For example, when using [BooleanFormFieldSettings](#booleanformfieldsettings), a `response` of type boolean must be used.
```
